streamlining "achievable" and "sustainable" (#142)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

The Standard Communication with Network Elements (SCONE) protocol
is negotiated by QUIC endpoints.
SCONE provides a means for a network to signal its present best estimate

> for maximum achievable throughput,

Reviewer: I think achievable does not capture what SCONE does. If clients want to find out what is achievable, they can do that by just testing various rates until they get congestion feedback. The goal really is to have a duration element, and I think sustainable is a better word for that.

Author: OK. This is inline with what I wrote - "maximum achievable throughput by the endpoints that the network could sustain for the {time} period".

or throughput advice,

> associated with the flows of UDP datagrams that QUIC exchanges by the endpoits.

Reviewer: I don't think that's right. If you want to be pedantic, you could say:

```suggestion
associated with the flows of UDP datagrams that the endpoints exchange using QUIC.
```

But I don't think that's needed.

Networks that have rate limiting policies can detect flows that include
SCONE packets.  The network, via an on-path network element, can indicate a maximum

> achievable throughput by modifying the SCONE packet as it transits the

Reviewer: Please don't make that change.
